= Blasphemy

A kind of... different Lorem Ipsum generator. Easily extensible. Surprise your client with thinking out of the box and stub texts with something more original than boring "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet".

You can call it a "framework" (wo ho hoo!) for building own Lorem Ipsum generators. We all now it's just for building and spewing surprisingly elaborate random curses.

Basically it all started as a {joke gist}[http://gist.github.com/638477] inspired by {John Mettraux}[http://twitter.com/jmettraux] who, in turn, {suggested the idea}[http://twitter.com/jmettraux/status/28022295426] after I've {tweeted a link to Lorizzle}[http://twitter.com/_tomash/status/28022100766].

== Usage

Pretty straightforward Ruby here.

=== Using built-in MetalIpsum

It's in the Faker module space, to pay homage and avoid collisions. However it doesn't require original Faker and is purely self-contained.

  require 'blasphemy'
  generator = Faker::MetalIpsum.new
  generator.paragraph
  generator.sentence
  generator.words

=== Own word-list

There is a class TabulaIpsum with an empty wordlist, waiting to be filled with any words you like.

  generator = Faker::TabulaIpsum.new
  generator.wordlist = ['lol', 'rotfl', 'omg', 'wtf']


=== Own generator class

For some more persistence, create a class like this

  module Faker
    class MarketingIpsum < CustomIpsum
      def initialize
        @wordlist = ['success', 'patenting', 'innovative', 'milestone']
      end
    end
  end

And use it like all the other above.

== Forking and ideas

Contact me via github PM or e-mail. I don't have any specific idea on direction this little gem should be going.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Tomasz Stachewicz. See LICENSE for details.
